chore: add multisig support to upgrade ServiceManager (#516)
yetanotherco/aligned_layer: README_INFRASTRUCTURE.md

```bash
make test
```

## Multisig Usage

> 

Reviewer: Add disclaimer that safe does not work in holesky

You can create a Multisig wallet using [Safe](https://safe.global/).

Once you have a Multisig, you can deploy the contracts using the Multisig wallet address as the upgrader, pauser, etc.

In order to upgrade a contract using the Multisig, you have to run:

```bash
make upgrade_aligned_contracts
```

Then, if the new implementation is correctly deployed, the script will show the following message:

```bash

> To send the transaction using multisig use this calldata

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can propose the upgrade transaction with the multisig using this calldata
```
